README.md, before:

# Theris

Have you ever dreamed about changing the color scheme for all your favorite applications with a single command? Well, I haven't. But either
way, I got you.

Theris is what you might call a theme manager. It's similar to [pywal](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pywal) in some aspects, but with more focus on changing color schemes
instead of creating.

There is also a handful of similar projects, but it took me a 5 minutes research on reddit and github to find them. By then it was too late.

## Why

Because every time I dare to think on changing themes for my rices I remember that I need to edit a bunch of files and just end up
changing my mind instead.

# Usage

# Contributing

Yes! Join the dark side. Check [this](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

# Similar projects

- [Flavours](https://github.com/Misterio77/flavours) 🇧🇷
- [Tinty](https://github.com/tinted-theming/tinty)
- [base16-manager](https://github.com/base16-manager/base16-manager)
- [base16-universal-manager](https://github.com/pinpox/base16-universal-manager)

Commit message:

docs: link the docs in the readme

README.md, after:

# Theris

Have you ever dreamed about changing the color scheme for all your favorite applications with a single command? Well, I haven't. But either
way, I got you.

Theris is what you might call a theme manager. It's similar to [pywal](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pywal) in some aspects, but with more focus on changing color schemes
instead of creating.

There is also a handful of similar projects, but it took me a 5 minutes research on reddit and github to find them. By then it was too late.

## Why

Because every time I dare to think on changing themes for my rices I remember that I need to edit a bunch of files and just end up
changing my mind instead.

# Usage

The docs are hosted [here](https://marcos-brito.github.io/theris/), but you can also read it from the repository (see [docs](./docs/src/README.md)). It's a quick read, don't worry.

# Contributing

Yes! Join the dark side. Check [this](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

# Similar projects

- [Flavours](https://github.com/Misterio77/flavours) 🇧🇷
- [Tinty](https://github.com/tinted-theming/tinty)
- [base16-manager](https://github.com/base16-manager/base16-manager)
- [base16-universal-manager](https://github.com/pinpox/base16-universal-manager)
